README.md, before:

# 🎅🏻Advent of Code 2025🎅🏻

This repository is to store all the solved problems of the [Advent of Code 2025](https://adventofcode.com/2025). This year I'm going to solve the odd problems using Python and the even ones using C++. 


## Usage

Each day indicates in the folder name the language used to solve the problem. For the python days, python3 have been used. To execute the python solutions:

```console
python3 <scriptName>.py
```

For the C++ solutions, Clang 14 for C++20 have been used. First, you need to compile and the run the executable. 

```console
clang++ -std=c++20 <sourceCodeName>.cpp -o <executableName>
./executableName
```

| :warning: WARNING           |
|:----------------------------|
| Remember to load the inputs from the AoC page since I haven't uploaded them to reduce storage usage.  |

## Overview

| Day | Name           | Stars |
| --- | -------------- | ----- |
| 01  |  Secret Entrance     |⭐⭐|
| 02  |  Gift Shop     |⭐⭐|


## Drawn image of this year
TODO

Commit message:

Adding number of problems disclaimer

README.md, after:

# 🎅🏻Advent of Code 2025🎅🏻

This repository is to store all the solved problems of the [Advent of Code 2025](https://adventofcode.com/2025). This year I'm going to solve the odd problems using Python and the even ones using C++. 

This year the creator has reduced the number of problems to 12, so I will be solving 12 instead of 24 problems.

## Usage

Each day indicates in the folder name the language used to solve the problem. For the python days, python3 have been used. To execute the python solutions:

```console
python3 <scriptName>.py
```

For the C++ solutions, Clang 14 for C++20 have been used. First, you need to compile and the run the executable. 

```console
clang++ -std=c++20 <sourceCodeName>.cpp -o <executableName>
./executableName
```

| :warning: WARNING           |
|:----------------------------|
| Remember to load the inputs from the AoC page since I haven't uploaded them to reduce storage usage.  |

## Overview

| Day | Name           | Stars |
| --- | -------------- | ----- |
| 01  |  Secret Entrance     |⭐⭐|
| 02  |  Gift Shop     |⭐⭐|


## Drawn image of this year
TODO
